docs: fixups for label selection (#1149)
redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: docs/userguide/modules/creating-service-bindings/pages/binding-options.adoc

<2> Optional "id" field
<3>  Translation service

== Binding workloads using a label selector

You can use a label selector to specify the workload that is being bound.  If you declare a service binding using the label selectors to pick up workloads, the {servicebinding-title} periodically attempts to find and bind new workloads that match the given label selector.

For example, you may want to bind a service to every `Deployment` in a namespace with the `environment: production` label.  Setting an appropriate label selector, the {servicebinding-title} can bind each of these workloads with one `ServiceBinding` resource.

> .Example of `ServiceBinding` CR in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API:

Author: Fixed.

<2> Optional "id" field
<3>  Translation service

== Binding workloads using a label selector

You can use a label selector to specify the workload that is being bound. If you declare a service
binding using the label selectors to pick up workloads, the {servicebinding-title} periodically
attempts to find and bind new workloads that match the given label selector.

> For example, you may want to bind a service to every application with the environment: production label set in the application field. Doing so projects a single secret into multiple workloads.

Reviewer: I am not seeing where you have fixed this change. Can you please check once and let me know? Thanks!

> For example, you may want to bind a service to every application with the environment: production label set in the application field. Doing so projects a single secret into multiple workloads.

Reviewer: @sadlerap I am not seeing where you have fixed this change. Can you please check once and let me know? Thanks!

> For example, you may want to bind a service to every application with the environment: production label set in the application field. Doing so projects a single secret into multiple workloads.

Reviewer: @sadlerap I am not seeing where you have fixed this change. Can you please check once and let me know? Thanks!

> == Binding workloads from a label selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Binding workloads using a label selector
```

Author: Fixed.

You can use a label selector to specify the workload that is being bound. If you declare a service
binding using these label selectors to pick up workloads, the {servicebinding-title} periodically
attempts to find and bind new workloads that match the given label selector.

> For example, you may want to bind a service to every application with the environment: production label set in the application field. Doing so projects a single secret into multiple workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you may want to bind a service to every application with the `environment: production` label set in the `application` field. Doing so projects a single secret into multiple workloads.
```

Author: ```suggestion
For example, you may want to bind a service to every `Deployment` in a namespace with the `environment: production` label.  Setting an appropriate label selector, the {servicebinding-title} can bind each of these workloads with one `ServiceBinding` resource.
```

Thoughts?  I think this gets the intention across a little better.

Reviewer: > Thoughts? I think this gets the intention across a little better.

Good. This one sounds better. YAY!! just one change: "When you set an appropriate label selector, the {servicebinding-title} can bind each of the workloads with one `ServiceBinding` resource."

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: @sadlerap I am not seeing where you have fixed this change. Can you please check once and let me know? Thanks!

> .Example of ServiceBinding CR in the binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1 API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of `ServiceBinding` CR in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API:
```

Author: Fixed.

[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1

Reviewer: Please check the indentation and rectify. Suggest removing space before `apiVersion: binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1`

Author: Fixed.

    name: super-secret-data
----

> .Example of `ServiceBinding` CR in the `servicebinding.io` API:

Reviewer: Why is this appearing in black color? Is it because of the changes in the content? anyways, just check once and ensure all is ok here.

Author: This looks fine to me on my branch.

    name: super-secret-data
----

> .Example of ServiceBinding CR in the servicebinding.io API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of `ServiceBinding` CR in the `servicebinding.io` API:
```

Author: Fixed.

[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: servicebindings.io/v1alpha3

Reviewer: Same comment as above; check indentation and rectify.

If a service binding is declared using these label selectors to pick up workloads, SBO will

> periodically attempt to find and bind new workloads that match the given label selector.

Reviewer: This sentence was not there before. Have you added it newly now?

This is already written from L189 to L191 in the 1st para. No need to duplicate it here. Suggest to remove this sentence from here.

Author: Nope, it's in latest `master`.  I haven't added this recently; it was added when the label selector documentation PR merged.

Author: Taken out, thanks.

Reviewer: @sadlerap I can see only this change and not the others

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Currently, it is forbidden to attempt a binding with both of the following fields defined: `name:` and `labelSelector`
> 
> . `name:` and `labelSelector` in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API
> . `name:` and `selector` in the `servicebinding.io` API (Spec API)
> 
> Any attempt to do so will result in a error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it is forbidden to attempt a binding with the following fields defined: 

. `name:` and `labelSelector` in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API
. `name:` and `selector` in the `servicebinding.io` API (Spec API)

Any attempt to do so will result in an error.
```
The usage of ` and` here explicitly tells you that you cannot define `name:` and `labelSelector` for `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API. Similarly `name:` and `selector` in the `servicebinding.io` API (Spec API) when attempting a binding.

Ensure to carefully consider my suggestions and apply them. I had given [this suggestion](https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator/pull/1130/files#r872693629) previously as well.

Author: I wanted to remove all chance of ambiguity.  Maybe this?
```suggestion
Currently, it is forbidden to attempt a binding with the following fields defined:

. Both `name:` and `labelSelector` in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API
. Both `name:` and `selector` in the `servicebinding.io` API (Spec API)

Any attempt to do so will result in a error.
```

Reviewer: @sadlerap Please apply this change and push it. I am unable to see our fixes and changes in the PR. Kindly check once. Thanks!

Author: Applied.

If a service binding is declared using these label selectors to pick up workloads, SBO will
periodically attempt to find and bind new workloads that match the given label selector.

> [Important]
> ====
> Currently, it is forbidden to attempt a binding with both of the following fields defined: `name:` and `labelSelector`
> 
> . `name:` and `labelSelector` in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API
> . `name:` and `labelSelector` in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API
> 
> Any attempt to do so will result in a error.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
Currently, it is forbidden to attempt a binding with the following fields defined: 

. `name:` and `labelSelector` in the `binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1` API
. `name:` and `selector` in the `servicebinding.io` API (Spec API)

Any attempt to do so will result in an error.
====
```
Request: Ensure to carefully consider my suggestions and apply them. I had given [this suggestion](https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator/pull/1130/files#r872693629) previously as well. 

If this suggestion is technically incorrect and needs more clarification, please set up a meeting and we can resolve it soon together. We can have one meeting to cover both Workload resource mapping and Label selector in one go. Thanks!
